[Clang][ASTMatcher] Improve matching isDerivedFrom base in case of multi aliases exists (#126793)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

AST Matchers
------------

> - Ensure ``isDerivedFrom`` is matching the correct base in case of more than one aliases exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure ``isDerivedFrom`` matches the correct base in case more than one alias exists.
```
Minor rewording
